After working unassigned territory,
I made up my mind to put in my application
for regular pioneering.
However, things were going
really well at work.
Is this the right time
to make a drastic change?
A new foreign-language group
is being formed in our congregation.
There’s no way I’m joining.
Do you know how difficult it is?
Maybe this isn’t right for me.
The culture and language are so different.
What do you think?
With our youngest now
in his own assignment,
maybe we could serve
where the need is greater,
like we did before the kids.
But we’re not that energetic couple anymore.
Maybe it’s too much.
I shared my concerns about pioneering
with someone who’s been doing it
for a long time.
He reminded me
of the apostle Peter’s example.
He was a fisherman by trade,
but Jesus knew
he could be so much more.
Peter hadn’t caught anything all night,
but with Jesus next to him,
things would be different.
But Peter felt overwhelmed.
Simon,
stop being afraid.
From now on you will be catching men alive.
The ministry would be his life’s work.
The apostle Peter faced a situation
similar to mine in Syrian Antioch.
Initially, he associated freely
with Gentile Christians.
But then some from the congregation
in Jerusalem visited,
and his fear of their opinion
closed his heart.
Jehovah used
the apostle Paul to help Peter put aside
his fear of man.
So I prayed to Jehovah
to help me open my heart wide.
We turned to the wisdom
of older ones,
and they reminded us of Peter’s ministry.
He may have been our age when he moved
to where the need was greater in Babylon.
They must have had concerns like ours.
Could they make the trip?
adapt to a different place?
But they trusted in Jehovah
to help them succeed.
We can do the same.
If we overcome our doubts
and open our hearts wide,
we can conquer fear
and receive Jehovah’s blessing
to the full.